GNR638: ML4RS - Fall 2019 - IIT Bombay
Introduction
Remote sensing satellite constellations image our entire planet every day and generate massive amounts of data. With growing data volumes, it is becoming impossible for humans to process and extract useful information from it. Machine learning can help us do this with the help of computers. In this assignment, we will detect the contents of a satellite image.

Problem Statement
This competition involves a remote sensing image classification problem. Given an image you are required to design a neural network based classfier to identify the contents of the image sample. A data sample can belong to three classes namely; An aircraft, A ship or Neither.

Deliverables
Submit a .csv file containing the predictions made by your model for the test samples provided. Example(round off your answer to nearest integer).
Below is a sample of the first few lines of submission file. Your submissions should be named "rollNumber.csv" and should look like)

imageId,label
0,2
1,1
2,2
3,0
4,1

Programming Language and Framework
PyTorch/Tensorflow/Keras will be allowed to maintain uniformity but no other framework. Programming should be done in Python language.

Important Note
Your code should use the data set provided by us for the training. If that is not done, you will be awarded zero marks for the assignment
Copying of assignments will be dealt with very seriously
Duplicate user accounts will be disqualified. Only submissions from IITB accounts will be considered.
You may post your queries on the the Discussion forum tab. Feel free to reply to queries by others but politely. Please maintain the decorum of the forum and note that the forum is only for competition related discussions.
Working on this assignment and figuring about the nitty gritties of Python and the frameworks will help you a lot during the project.
Timeline
Competition launch: 2nd Sept
Final Submissions: 29th Sep
Codebase submission: TBA

All the other submission details will be posted later.

Credits: This is a private competition for now.